All right, Wolf Peck, let's make a cheers to my beautiful wife.
I said, I got, dang it.
Ladies and gentlemen, please join me in welcoming your alpha leader,
and your Luna, the white wolf, in their first ever dance,
this husband and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Belay Conter.
You know, it's crazy, right?
When we were kids, and you would talk about us getting married,
I always knew you were right.
Yeah, you know, I was told, I don't know why I was going to be married.
You're mine.
So, what do you mean?
Well, we're married, got the woman Hollers, so what's next?
Well, first, I'm going to find out who's the leader of the outcast.
I'm going to take him out.
We mean, we.
Yeah, we.
And then, we're going to come after the night stalkers.
And the leader means, and I sang his pride.
And then, he's gonna be a king.
And you'll be my queen.